c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\PhotoGalary.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\PhotoGalary.pdb
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\StructureMap.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\obj\Debug\PhotoGalary.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\obj\Debug\PhotoGalary.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\obj\Debug\PhotoGalary.pdb
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\PhotoGalary.Data.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\DevOne.Security.Cryptography.BCrypt.dll
c:\users\kkarpenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhotoGalary\PhotoGalary\bin\PhotoGalary.Data.pdb
